docs: instructions for initial user creation (#3772)
monicahq/monica: docs/installation/debian.md

1. Update `.env` to your specific needs. Don't forget to set `DB_USERNAME` and `DB_PASSWORD` with the settings used behind. You'll need to configure a [mailserver](/docs/installation/mail.md) for registration & reminders to work correctly.
1. Run `composer install --no-interaction --no-suggest --no-dev --ignore-platform-reqs` to install all packages.
1. Run `php artisan key:generate` to generate an application key. This will set `APP_KEY` with the right value automatically.

> 1. Run `php artisan setup:production --email=your@email.com --password=yourpassword -v` to run the migrations, seed the database, symlink folders and setup the first user account.

Reviewer: I propose another solution:
```suggestion
1. Run `php artisan setup:production -v` to run the migrations, seed the database and symlink folders.
    - You can use `email` and `password` parameter to setup a first account directly: `php artisan setup:production --email=your@email.com --password=yourpassword -v`
```
